gh-102595: Document `PyObject_Format` c-api function (#102596)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/object.rst

   If *o1* and *o2* are the same object, :c:func:`PyObject_RichCompareBool`
   will always return ``1`` for :const:`Py_EQ` and ``0`` for :const:`Py_NE`.

> .. c:function:: PyObject* PyObject_Format(PyObject *obj, PyObject *format_spec)

Reviewer: Weird that we're inconsistent in putting the space before or after the `*`, but the next two functions do the same thing.

Reviewer 2: The relevant style guide would be PEP 7, but it says nothing about this issue. All the examples use `PyObject *x`, though.

>    Takes an arbitrary *obj* and returns the result of calling
>    ``obj.__format__(format_spec)``.
> 
>    *format_spec* might be ``NULL`` when ``format(obj)`` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Format *obj* using *format_spec*. This is equivalent to the Python
   expression ``format(obj, format_spec)``.

   *format_spec* may be ``NULL``. In this case the call is equivalent
   to ``format(obj)``.
   
   Returns the formatted string on success, ``NULL`` on failure.
```
- Closer in wording to repr() and str() below
- Mention the return type

   If *o1* and *o2* are the same object, :c:func:`PyObject_RichCompareBool`
   will always return ``1`` for :const:`Py_EQ` and ``0`` for :const:`Py_NE`.

.. c:function:: PyObject* PyObject_Format(PyObject *obj, PyObject *format_spec)

   Format *obj* using *format_spec*. This is equivalent to the Python
   expression ``format(obj, format_spec)``.

   *format_spec* may be ``NULL``. In this case the call is equivalent
   to ``format(obj)``.

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
